> Please have a go at making a functional tetris clone using pygame in the directory `04_game_tetris`.

● I'll create a functional Tetris clone using Pygame in the 04_game_tetris directory. Let me get started.

...

● I've created a fully functional Tetris clone using Pygame. The game features:

  1. All standard Tetris pieces with different colors
  2. Scoring system with levels that increase difficulty
  3. Next piece preview
  4. Controls for movement, rotation, and hard drop
  5. Pause functionality
  6. Game over screen with restart option

  To play the game, first install the requirements and then run the Python script:

  pip install -r requirements.txt
  python tetris.py

> /cost 
  ⎿  Total cost:            $0.1988
     Total duration (API):  1m 18.5s
     Total duration (wall): 10m 4.5s
     Total code changes:    468 lines added, 0 lines removed

> That's pretty good. There seems to be a bug in the "Game Over" logic that lets the game keep running when I tried losing by hold space to hard drop all the tetronimos.

● I'll fix the hard drop bug in the game over logic. The issue is likely that when using hard drop, we're not actually triggering the piece lock and game over check properly.

...

● I see the issue. The hard drop function doesn't actually lock the piece after dropping it. Let me fix this by updating the code:

...

● Now I need to modify how the hard drop is handled in the main game loop:

...

● Finally, let's update the key release handling for the hard drop:

...

● I've fixed the hard drop bug in the game. The changes made are:

  1. Modified the hard_drop method to return True to indicate the piece can't move further and should be locked.
  2. Changed the space key handling to:
    - Perform a hard drop immediately
    - Lock the piece in place
    - Check for completed lines
    - Create a new piece
    - Check for game over condition
  3. Updated the key release handling to only reset the speedup factor for the down key, not the space key.

  These changes ensure that when you use hard drop (space key), the piece will lock immediately and the game will properly check for the game over condition.

> /cost 
  ⎿  Total cost:            $0.3800
     Total duration (API):  1m 45.4s
     Total duration (wall): 22m 45.1s
     Total code changes:    481 lines added, 2 lines removed

